So just a quick lecture about VPC Flow Logs.
Some traffic is not captured by it,
and this can come up in one question on the exam,
so watch out for it.
So, you have the traffic to the Amazon DNS Server,
so only the custom DNS Server traffic is logged.
The traffic for Amazon Windows license activation,
the traffic to the EC2 instance metadata service,
and the Amazon Time Sync service, all DHCP traffic,
all mirrored traffic, and the traffic
to the VPC router reserved IP address,
this is the first IP of your VPC,
and the traffic between your VPC Endpoint ENI
and the Network Load Balancer ENI.
Alright, that's a short one.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.